# Physionet_experiments
#### In this section of our tutorial we have taken a real data from  academic medical center in the southern United States. we will analyse the data and preprocess it accordingly using several techniques we have in Natural Language Processing, Bag of words model instead of TfIdf. After the data will be processed we will use several algorithms such as Naive Bayes which is not so great algorithm but it is computationaly not so expensive as it calculate probability with a bunch of some multiplications and has only there parameters for trainnig perpose. 
#### secondly we will use Support Vector Machines (SVM). the Kernal function can of any kind like logistic, linear, polynomial or RBF. Here in our experiment we will use Radial Bessel Function. This algorithm has its working so unique -- it can make Non-Linear Decision Boundary by taking the input features and map it to much higher dimension. So here we wont need to worry about how this function varies with the input features.
#### the third algorithm we used is decisoin tree and we can use pruning if we want to make some modifications to get better accuracy
#### Now the most famous algorithm - Logistic Regression is used which classify binary data quite accurately. And the last algorithm we used it Passive Agressive Classifier which is online learnring problem- We can simply say that an online-learning algorithm(PassiveAgressiveClassifier) will get a training example, update the classifier, and then throw it away. This algorithm requires very less training time so it can be used in emergency cases such as fake news propagation. this same technique is  used in LOCALLY WEIGHTED REGRESSION (non-parametric algorithm). All the algorithm we studied such as linear regression or logistic regression they all are Parametric algorithms.
